-> Intro - Static song - 2 mins
-> Talk about the mini-show, what it is etc - 5 mins
-> Choose Your Own Adventure w/ Chat GPT - 5-10 mins
-> Talk about Sleepover and Christmas - 5 mins
-> Pic - 2 min
-> Weird Restaurant Spotlight - 5 mins
-> What If - 10 mins
-> Gamer Highlights - Fortnite Elimination Highlights - talk to people about the game and our crew and if there's interest etc - 5-10 mins
-> Reading Mean Tweets (made up) - 5 mins

-------------------------------

Weird Restaurant Spotlight

Author E.A. Bucchianeri, said, “Weirdism is definitely the cornerstone of many an artist’s career.”  We can go one step further and say that weirdism is the cornerstone of some of the world’s most unique restaurants. (tweet this) Why?

It seems we seek the unique, the weird and the non-traditional. We humans flock to it in fact. Perhaps it’s our way of stepping outside our everyday, mundane lives and trying something different.

It’s for this reason that today we look at 10 of the weirdest restaurants. We’ll tell you why they’re weird, but it’s up to you to decide if you have the bravado to try one of them!

1. Modern Toilet
Located in Taipei, Taiwan, you’ll have to grin and bear it when you walk into this restaurant. This is because the restaurant is basically one large bathroom.

No, the serving dishes and utensils are clean, and the food is delightful, but the restaurant looks like a giant toilet. Restaurant owners even hung toilets on the walls, and you can expect your chocolate ice cream dessert to look like a you know what.

Your seat is a porcelain throne, and you dine at a sink turned into a table. Your food and your drinks arrive in unique serving dishes – expect anything from a urinal glass to toilet bowls.


2. Cabbages and Condoms
You can find this truly weird restaurant in Bangkok, Thailand. A local and visitor favorite, it serves classic Thai food and is located in a busy business district.

The décor features condoms everywhere, and they are used quite creatively. The dresses on their mannequins, the lamps and the strings of lights are made out of condoms. After dinner, don’t expect a mint, but instead you’ll receive free condoms.

Why is this restaurant dedicated to the condom? It seems that the owner believes in family planning and uses the restaurant to support development activities.

They do want you to know that, “Their food is guaranteed not to cause pregnancy.”


3. Ninja New York
This is a great place to take your family and friends who’ve always yearned to be a ninja. Located in New York, you’ll find this high-end Japanese restaurant in the TriBeCa neighborhood.

Ninjas come out to take your order, and they are indeed just as stealthy as those ninjas you see on television.

They prepare their food – think sushi and meats – on a high fire, and in-between courses, the ninjas entertain with magic tricks and knife demonstrations.


4. Lainio Snow Village Ice Restaurant
On your next trek to Yllasjarvi, Finland, you definitely want to wear a coat and mittens as this restaurant is made entirely of ice.

In fact, everything is ice from the walls, floor, tables and the bowls. You’ll enjoy the Vodka served ice cold in an ice cold restaurant! In addition, their three-course dinner is delightful.

While it seems counterintuitive, this restaurant has a warm, inviting atmosphere, and after you dine, you can head to the Snow Hotel.


5. Opaque
You guessed it. When you dine at Opaque in various US locations, you’ll dine in total darkness. This is said to elicit a stronger sense of taste, touch, smell and hearing.

You’ll want to be prepared for the restaurant, and we don’t advise going if you’re scared of the dark!


6. New Lucky Restaurant
Built in the middle of an old Muslim cemetery in Ahmadabad, India, you’ll find your table placed between graves. The owner chose to preserve the ancient graves and not to remove them.

An interesting atmosphere and not one for the faint of heart, the food is a local favorite.


7. Ithaa Undersea Restaurant
You’ll have to visit Rangali Island in the Maldives to find the world’s first undersea restaurant. This one is five meters beneath the water and offers diners and never-before-seen view of the surrounding coral gardens.

Customers enjoy fusion cuisine – joining Western and Maldivian dishes. You’ll have to leave the kids at home as this restaurant is adults-only.


8. Heart Attack Grill
Nestled in Las Vegas, Nevada, you take a gamble with your health just by walking in the door. We can say this with certainty because two people have actually died from heart attack related causes at this restaurant.

It’s easy to see why when you consider their signature dish is a three-pound, nearly 10,000 calorie hamburger.

Servers give you a hospital gown when you walk in the door, and this serves as your bib. It can be a bit intimidating to order that big burger, because if you don’t commit and finish it, they’ll spank you with a large paddle. For refreshments, you’ll appreciate the medical theme – they serve shots in syringes and wine in IV bags.

Lastly, at the Heart Attack Grill, you eat free if you weigh more than 350 pounds!


9. Dinner in the Sky
Found in locations throughout the world, you’ll enjoy your dinner party atop a crane. Strapped into a seat and suspended high in the air, quality chefs prepare your meal. You’ll enjoy items from sashimi rolls to steak.

Plus, you can seat up to 22 people at your table, so this is the place for a unique dinner party.

The concept for the Dinner in the Sky came when a company that specialized in amusement park installations deploying cranes joined forces with a communications agency specializing in gourmet pleasures.

The end result is a flyer saucer of sorts, or dinner in the sky, where you can eat with more than 20 of your closest friends high above the city suspended from a crane.


10. Robot Restaurant
Who wouldn’t want to eat with robots? Or, did you ever think you could?

Well, on your next visit to Tokyo, Japan, you can enjoy wild dance performances by robots and barely-clothed women while strobe lights and loud music play loudly.

This definitely weird restaurant is more about the strobe lights and techno beats than the food. You visit this one for the atmosphere.


Final Thoughts
Weird is the spice of life, and you can definitely spice up your eating experience by venturing out to one of these weird restaurants.

It’s always fun to eat at a new restaurant and discover a fabulously quirky menu or unique, exotic atmosphere. (tweet this)

The restaurants we’ve featured here today can turn your evening out into a daring adventure. An added bonus? You probably won’t struggle for conversation!

You’ll feel like you’ve stepped into another world, tasted and experienced something truly unique and left with a happy feeling because you were brave enough to try one of the 10 weirdest restaurants.

-----------------------

What-If's

What if money stopped existing tomorrow — what would people start trading instead?

What if the internet just vanished overnight — what’s the very first thing you’d miss?

What if we could record and replay emotions like videos — would you ever hit “replay”?

What if your life had background music — what song would be playing right now?

What if everyone had to wear a visible score of how honest they are — would the world get better or worse?

-----------------------

Mean Tweets

Dutch: “Dutch sounds like the kind of guy who reads bedtime stories to his enemies and they still fall asleep happy.”

kitty: “Kitty tries to help everyone, which is great, until she forgets to help herself and short-circuits.”

D: “Dutch doing Elvis makes me wish I was deaf in VR.”

k: “She’s called Kitty, but her patience level screams feral cat.”

D: “Dutch is the only person who can make a Tron suit look like a power move instead of a midlife crisis.”

k: “Kitty’s to-do list filed for workers’ comp.”

D: “Dutch’s bromance with CaptnDan needs its own theme song and possibly a legal partnership.”

k: “Kitty doesn’t burn out, she combusts artistically.”

D: “Dutch’s biggest flaw? Making everyone else look like NPCs.”

k: “Kitty’s schedule has more chaos than a toddler with espresso.”

D: “I tried to argue with Dutch once, but his voice made me forget what I was mad about.”

k: “Kitty’s heart is in the right place. Her brain, however, is currently buffering.”

D: “Dutch’s leadership vibe is 70% experience, 30% accidental dad jokes.”

k: “When Kitty says she’s got too much on her plate, she means buffet-style.”

D: “Dutch’s voice is smoother than a pickup line at a jazz bar.”

k: “Kitty’s attention span has more plot twists than a Taylor Swift album.”

D: “Dutch gives off strong ‘motivational speaker who’d upsell you a cult’ vibes.”

k: “Kitty’s emotional breakdowns have more character development than some Netflix series.”

D: “I’d compliment Dutch, but he already has a mirror and an audience.”

k: “If Kitty had a dollar for every time she said ‘I’m fine,’ she’d finally take a break.”
